doc/md: create edges with mutation (#3170)
ent/ent: doc/md/tutorial-todo-gql-mutation-input.md

    }
  }
}
```

## Create edges with mutations

> If you want to create the edges of a node in the same mutation, you can extend the GQL mutation input with the edge fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the edges of a node in the same mutation, you can extend the GQL mutation input with the edge fields:
```

```graphql title="extended.graphql"
extend input CreateTodoInput {
  createChildren: [CreateTodoInput!]
}
```

> Then, you need to run code generation again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run code generation again:
```

```go
go generate .
```

> GQLGen will generate the resolver for the `createChildren` field, and you can use it in your resolver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GQLGen will generate the resolver for the `createChildren` field, allowing you to use it in your resolver:
```

// CreateChildren is the resolver for the createChildren field.
func (r *createTodoInputResolver) CreateChildren(ctx context.Context, obj *ent.CreateTodoInput, data []*ent.CreateTodoInput) error {
	panic(fmt.Errorf("not implemented: CreateChildren - createChildren"))
}
```

Now, we need to implement the logic to create the children:

```go title="extended.resolvers.go"
// CreateChildren is the resolver for the createChildren field.
func (r *createTodoInputResolver) CreateChildren(ctx context.Context, obj *ent.CreateTodoInput, data []*ent.CreateTodoInput) error {
	// highlight-start
	// NOTE: We need to use the Ent client from the context.
	// To ensure we create all of the children in the same transaction.
	// See: Transactional Mutations for more information.
	c := ent.FromContext(ctx)
	// highlight-end
	builders := make([]*ent.TodoCreate, len(data))
	for i := range data {
		builders[i] = c.Todo.Create().SetInput(*data[i])
	}
	todos, err := c.Todo.CreateBulk(builders...).Save(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	ids := make([]int, len(todos))
	for i := range todos {
		ids[i] = todos[i].ID
	}
	obj.ChildIDs = append(obj.ChildIDs, ids...)
	return nil
}
```

> Changes following lines to use the transactional client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the following lines to use the transactional client:
```

```go title="todo.resolvers.go"
// CreateTodo is the resolver for the createTodo field.
func (r *mutationResolver) CreateTodo(ctx context.Context, input ent.CreateTodoInput) (*ent.Todo, error) {
	// highlight-next-line
	return ent.FromContext(ctx).Todo.Create().SetInput(input).Save(ctx)
}

// UpdateTodo is the resolver for the updateTodo field.
func (r *mutationResolver) UpdateTodo(ctx context.Context, id int, input ent.UpdateTodoInput) (*ent.Todo, error) {
	// highlight-next-line
	return ent.FromContext(ctx).Todo.UpdateOneID(id).SetInput(input).Save(ctx)
}
```

> Testing our mutation with the children:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test the mutation with the children:
```
